hey guys it's Rob here today from go ski
and I go over with you some basic
principles of skateboarding in the past
few years we've covered specific tricks
in this video I'm going to share with
you some tips tools I use planned
imaginator go on to the first thing is
whenever I'm going to go and to do a
trick whether it's a slide rind ollie
kickflip always going to first focus on
my upper body I'm going to focus on
these upper two shoulders I'm going to
make sure my shoulders are level because
what happens when I started taking my
back shoulder down as I start getting
involved Ollie's and lob kick flips
meaning like kick the rest of it like
this my back truck is going to be down
well I like and what most skateboarders
confer is when you feel steady equally
level in the air the best way to do that
really is to keep your shoulders level
that's going to keep your center of
balance between your two feet when you
knock your center of balance back it
keeps the weight back and then it keeps
the wheels down now there's other ways
to keep the wheels down too you can
you're doing a kick boom you can kind of
flick but a real big principle that a
lot of skateboarders don't really think
about too much is their shoulders and
keeping the shoulders low keep those
shoulders level with the weight centered
help
now one other principle good days and
bad days skateboarding you have your
good days where you're landing all your
tricks
everything today my back so when you're
having a good day take advantage of when
you've landed that trick that you can
sign so try those other tricks that
you've been just that you've been
struggling a good day is we're going to
really good help your mindset so when
you go to practice those new hard tricks
you're going to land them so on your bad
days where you're just falling all the
time then you know don't get don't get
too down to yourself let me put your
board down a little bit watch some skate
videos for that day
and then go out again tomorrow and and
go full force so take advantage of your
good days and that's step number two so
those are your two quick steps for
today's trick tip video again make sure
to keep those shoulders level for any
tricks you do that works for grind
slides where and also take advantage of
those get dissed my name's Rob thanks
for watching